Updated Examine docs for V8 (#4474)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Searching/Examine/Indexing/index-v8.md

}
```

> You can create an `IValueSetBuilder` implementation that builds the value sets for the index following the example [here](index.md/productindexvaluesetbuilder).
> You can also create an `IndexPopulator` implementation that populates the index with the value sets following the example [here](index.md/productindexpopulator).

Reviewer: We prefer to not use "here" as link texts, so I've tried to amend your suggestions a bit.
Let me know what you think!

```suggestion
You can create an `IValueSetBuilder` implementation that builds the value sets for the index following the [example for Umbraco 9](index.md/#productindexvaluesetbuilder).
You can also create an `IndexPopulator` implementation that populates the index with the value sets following the [example for Umbraco 9](index.md/#productindexpopulator).
```
